this year dennis is coming over to my
house to help me handle all the
trick-or-treaters and dennis well he
doesn't have much of a sweet tooth so we
were thinking why are we gonna give out
a bunch of candy give these kids a bunch
of cavities yeah let's go shopping let's
give out some computer tech are we
buying whatever i want yeah we can buy
whatever you want sure wait a minute you
guys have these things why am i using a
chair yeah let's start yeah sure we can
get some keyboards why not rgb for sure
rgb keyboard okay rgb keyboard
there's no question in my mind
logitech's pro mechanical gaming
keyboard it's pretty good look at this
are you even serious right now
it's halloween it's cartoons i mean kids
like cartoons
void pro rgb
can i go behind the counter
oh my god i just can't break all of them
before we give out we need some we need
some graphics cards for fortnite 2060
yeah sure why not
oh my god dennis uh this video is
brought to you guys by seasonic they are
the ones responsible for this whole mess
so make sure you check them out at the
link in the video description i mean if
the kids don't put much effort into
their costumes i guess we could
grab a couple like 1650s
wow does that look pretty good okay here
we go
what's a costume santa should we get a
2080 ti
sure
what do you care it's not your money
i honestly have no idea how much this is
all going to cost
holy crap my god lioness i don't even
know if this is all going to fit in my
car oh my god pg 27u gaming monitor
i have no idea how a six-year-old is
gonna get back down the sidewalk with
this thing but i guess that's not really
my problem is it can you believe
seasonic has power supplies with a
12-year warranty that kid who knocks on
the door is gonna be like 20 by the time
this thing has no warranty left
are you actually giving out closer one
yeah sure why not i mean not every kid
knows how to build a gaming pc that's
right we gotta cover our bases here uh i
want it though
all right there's the pile
by the way this video is also brought to
you by ruggable their rugs are spill and
stain resistant and have non-slip mats
get 15 off and free shipping at the link
in the video description uh code linus
15. that was nice
that was a phone that just
opened oh
that was not i don't know
we have to get this place looking way
more halloweeny and we have like
realistically about 15 minutes
i have a dragon fighter ninja uh clown
that's probably about three sizes too
small what's this that's a cow oh god oh
my god this is showing stuff like this
you're perfect when i walk dennis what
did you do i got a spider on a tree no
one's even gonna see that in the dark no
that's not gonna run the whole time it's
just going to turn off
that's pretty scary
do you want a gaming mouse or do you
want this big pack of twizzlers to be
honest i will pick the
candy holy crap we don't have time
dennis there's kids coming to the door
oh my god all right you know what i i
got i got nothing the wife asked me to
get rid of all the candy she bought now
that we're giving away hardware so i'm
just gonna get rid of that oh wow hi
happy halloween happy halloween there's
some for you
all right happy halloween so i don't
really get it after that first group of
kids we haven't had a single other
trick-or-treater and it's already been
20 minutes okay is nobody coming
like is there even anyone on the street
i saw two groups of kids from
neighboring houses just leave their
houses and just leave are you just like
you're probably too scary in your
neighborhood i'm not scary
no no don't come here
somebody better show up
if no one shows up can't go home with
all this
the rule is if you got facial hair you
ain't trick-or-treating
[Music]
oh wonderful welcome you guys here's a
fantastic choice for you guys you can
either have a bag of smarties or a cell
phone
i have a cell phone you'll take a cell
phone okay one for you one for you happy
halloween you guys thank you have a
great time
i love how long they had to think about
it
they were shocked
what just one are they are they young or
old yeah this big that big okay oh hey
happy halloween bud here you go
you're welcome
bye i think he knows something he looks
pretty disappointed i mean should we
just should we just try no matter what
yeah
it shouldn't be profiling
all right you kids like fortnight
you know like four nights
you play minecraft i came here because i
so you're handing out free cell phones
all right well you're getting a graphics
card and a gaming mouse wait wait
actually
wait wait no no are we are you serious
yeah yeah
i want to go flex all my friends now so
uh if you're watching this george get
out of here rap scallions
oh the same one
but
you get whatever you get
he's gotta cry
fine
you're welcome
it's almost seven o'clock and we've
given away almost nothing
there is nobody out there
[Music]
i feel we should just go out and learn
another words weird like get their
attention no dennis
[Music]
i shouldn't have to explain why we can't
go out and lure children
i'm just trying to do good things so my
kids are already back from
trick-or-treating um my wife went out
with one of my kids because maybe that's
less creepy
to be like hey you know
down there not seeing any more kids it's
7 10. you know what when i was a kid i
was hardcore there's no way i was home
at seven o'clock yvonne says there's a
big event at the church so like maybe
that's where everyone is but
it's just down the street but we can't
yeah what are we going to do put up
signs put out signs
what do we put on a sign
okay so i'm going to try to write
gaming up at the top
dennis i told you make sure you leave
enough room for gaming
gaming gaming fortnite giveaway free
you're right hold on a second we need
minecraft on here
there is nobody right here
that's my arrow is it okay
[Music]
well there's
no one following our sign
big surprise i guess i think this is
where we call it
oh
i've come around to the plan of getting
dennis to go drum up business but in
order to make it seem less horrible and
creepy he's going to take my son
you guys should go to the last house we
got there giving us some big stuff
yes the last one really like computer
stuff
so what do we got here we got a gaming
keyboard happy halloween
we got a graphics card happy halloween
play some minecraft or something got a
graphics card
and so here's like an awesome 1300 watt
power supply because realistically
whoever gets this is probably gonna need
a power supply upgrade
for this one okay there i got five
bundles
yeah why not go there
more more stuff
oh my goodness we're not even getting a
chance to close the door
oh yeah it's for real do you guys like
video games
oh you're an overwatch player all right
well
you're gonna need a pretty decent rig if
you want to play overwatch so here's an
rtx 2080 ti
and uh 1300 watt power supply
got a power supply and graphics card and
a sick water bottle
here you are happy halloween
happy halloween
thank you so much happy halloween
okay so we are pretty good here i think
we got like
four groups yeah you just have to find
them i don't know if dennis is out there
doing his job or whatever but like we
might actually run out of stuff here
massive shout out again to see sonic by
the way guys tackle wien or whatever
brought to you by sea sonic do you know
someone who's given the technology yeah
do you want to go yeah we just got some
okay let's go let's see let's do a
memory upgrade we got the g skill
royale 32 gig 3200 cl 14. whoa that is a
nice kit
we've got a 850 watt power supply a
motherboard some memory for it we've got
a gaming headset
thank you
have a great halloween
all right good night
graphics card someone else gave on candy
and graphi's car what the hell that
yeah i'm not lying
it was
creepy af but i guess it worked like
disguised dennis as a father of a young
child sending people to
get weird unusual halloween treats it
sounds really bad when you say it out
loud
oh my god
we got an rtx 2070 graphics card
enjoy we got a corsair one gaming pc
yeah have a have a wonderful night
ladies and gentlemen all right take care
guys happy halloween happy halloween all
right
all we've got is like some elemental
shirts and we know nobody wants those so
we did pretty well we're down to the to
the dregs here i think we should
probably take out the
jack-o-lanterns and stuff there's always
hope see
we just have to go and find them all
right that's it we're basically cleaned
out uh massive thank you to see sonic
for sponsoring today's video and thanks
to you guys for watching happy halloween
and all that good stuff
yeah
i can't believe how hard it was to give
this stuff away but we did it
how's your junk holding up there
it's hurt a lot actually i don't feel
anything though either good or bad